Update platform CLI docs (#8570)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/cloud-cli-installation.md

<DetailsToggle alt_header="Why am I receiving a `Stuck session` error when trying to run a new command?">

The <Constant name="cloud_cli" /> allows only one command that writes to the data warehouse at a time. If you attempt to run multiple write commands simultaneously (for example, `dbt run` and `dbt build`), you will encounter a `stuck session` error. To resolve this, cancel the specific invocation by passing its ID to the cancel command. For more information, refer to [parallel execution](/reference/dbt-commands#parallel-execution).

</DetailsToggle>

> <DetailsToggle alt_header="I'm getting a 'Session occupied' error in dbt CLI?">

Author: ```suggestion
<DetailsToggle alt_header="I'm getting a `Session occupied` error in dbt CLI?">
```
